1) Months in js start with 0(0 indexed)

2)** To convert miliseconds to seconds  --> divide miliseconds/1000 and then math.floor
or math.round

3) slice runs before  range(if upper bound is 3,it goes till 2) ; Splice goes till range(if range is 3 , it goes till 3)
Excepton --> if the lower bound  of both slice and splice  is 0,the answer will be same. Ex- (0,3) in both will return
same answer

4) slice does not change the original array, Splice does

5) Object can 2 declared in 2 types :- 1.Through Literals 2.Through Constructor

6)Literals :- Objects created using object literals are singletons. This means when a 
change is made to the object, it affects that object across the entire script.

7)Object defined with a function constructor let us have multiple instances of that
 object. This means change made to one instance, will not affect other instances.

 8)JavaScript Object Notation(JSON). It is a method of organizing data. Different
  online apps communicate with one another using this format. It is the XML data 
  interchange format’s successor. Compared to XML, the data is simple to structure.
   It supports the JSON documents that are quickly performed on the server, as well as 
   data structures like arrays and objects.

9) Differences between Json and JavaScript Objects -->
a. The keys in Json has to be double quoted, but not for objects
b. Other languages can also generate json,but not javascript objects
c. Functions are compatible with JavaScript Objects , but incompatible with JSON.

10)when making Functions the values passed inside () are called Parameters.
when calling the function the values passed inside () are called Arguments.

11)The scope inside a function --> Block scope
The scope declared globally --> Global scope 

12)Global scope is different in node and different in browser

13) when a function is created by the normal method, it is called function declaration.
A function can be called even before the function is declared in javascript. 

14) when a function is stored in a variable directly from creation, it is called function
expression.The function cannot be called before the creation of the function expression.

15) this function is used to reference current context

16)printing (this) globally in IDE/Code editor will return blank ,as there is no 
global context.
printing (this) globally in browser will return Window ,as it records all context in that
 window.

17) (this) does not work in any functions and always returns undefined

18) if the function is of a single line, () should be used instead of {} in arrow functions.
 also return does not need to be used. this is called impicit return.